Hey it's Bruno here.
But I'm so glad I hired you.
Listen I've noticed that we haven't really written any test for our robo friends up.
I'm afraid that as our company and product grows we're going to run into problems where we introduce
bugs to the code.
Can we help with our unit test and improve our code coverage.
Great thanks.
By the way love your shoes today.
All right.
Another task from Bruno in this section.
We're going to learn about testing and the testing environment and the Web development land.
There's a lot of tools and a lot of things that go into testing.
But we're going to focus on the why.
Why is testing important.
Why do we need it.
And then finally go through some tests that we're going to write ourselves and improve our robo friends
up so that in the future as the app grows and as the developer team grows we can avoid bugs.
I'll see you inside.